Hello to, welcome to one more
students
the program by our spitz title that
sure as many times as you own the
deficit but at least it is not ours with
tests or past journey the beneficial one does not
They are great thing but the bra to lift
the trophy stayed with the barbecue rock
the league is not all bad for the year
trade may again face the
john at that time playing with 10 owns
cattle in the junction books
the port also won some corner
substance with 1.5 champion sporting
who typed to build a short dou
my bet is as profitable as the
hiring the marcelo branches then the
prognosis does not play at the same time
day and same time
of course I can not agree with
this even with shetland 15 and maybe the
fifth beach nobody can stand the
look at 12 at day care at the same time
this weekend will be dramatic if
it is beneficial to win big business
victory is champion if benfica loses
do not get me the eggs flags
a scribble you know your life
Jorge but in my opinion hang a
zoom paulo is already a case of these already the
port will do the channel asked
diseases
diego to haiti is now in
note that do not rely on the effectiveness of
have already taken 32 days
by realizing that the eyes tell us
much but there's nothing jackson on
duel of sport lisbon and braga and seek the
draw because it gives a sense of
good players have already entered into 9 cabal or
be happy
finally on this journey definitions
Typical, the faithful have arrived and only a miracle
save official appeared inter follow up
Do not forget to bring a retro
max was on the head
These hangings with the pilgrims
It's all for today, do not forget the
subscribe to the channel to take the videos
and comments what I said I think
what if it is purposely of my
Blackberry
who planted trade and industry
and lost the lead or not in
graph and did not take his
the exact same thing as the coffee in the
domino on the restaurant terrace
in this journey my love is blind Olympic
of the montijo is by two and one
the iron and moral of the team is
underneath love and daniel the bathroom is
smart and old cobalt budget and is
therefore contrary Sunday curiously
it is also the name of the store owner uses
paid until the next